[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats formed
an alliance with Law
and launch an attack on
Doflamingo in Dressrosa.
With the kingdom in chaos,
the final battle begins at last.
And for Law, it turns out
the fight was personal.
I'm grateful to you, too.
You gave me the power I need
to kick your ass, after all.
What's the Op-Op Fruit do?
It let's you modify
someone's body!
You can perform
miracle operations
and cure any nasty diseases!
Listen, we'll get
the jump on Doffy!
We'll steal the Op-Op Fruit
before anybody else can have it!
[NARRATOR] Traveling to
Minion Island along with Law,
Corazon raided the hideout
of the pirate Barrels
and stole the Op-Op Fruit.
However, his escape
did not go as planned.
[ROSINANTE] I got it, Law!
Just like I said I would!
We're gonna cure that
disease of yours right up!
That freaked me out!
Who's that?
Hey! A guy in a black coat
just stole the Op-Op Fruit
and he was coming this way!
[BARRELS PIRATES]
It's him!
Don't let your guard down.
Doflamingo is quite formidable.
[FEMARINES]
Yes, ma'am!
[TSURU]
I wonder, Sengoku.
Where did you find this intel?
Who do you work with?
[MARINE B]
Vice Admiral Tsuru!
[TSURU]
Hm?
[MARINE B] We got a call
from the lookout ship
on Minion Island!
[TSURU]
Barrels' hideout is on fire?
Yes! We're going to
investigate it now.
[TSURU]
Call them back!
If the pirates find out
we sent battleships,
then the deal is off!
Check the coastal area instead!
Report to me if you
see anyone suspicious.
Yes, ma'am!
[BARRELS PIRATE A]
How are we gonna put this out?
[BARRELS PIRATE B gasps]
Captain Barrels! You okay?
[BARRELS]
Get off me!
We can worry about
our injuries later!
This is a five-billion
berry deal!
We have to get that
fruit back right now!
[LAW]
Cora...
[chuckles]
[LAW] Good. You made it
back after all.
[ROSINANTE]
Silence.
Look, Law!
I brought a surprise with me!
[LAW] I heard gunshots and
saw the building burning,
so I thought something
might've happened to you.
Hey! Can't I get a smile
and a "thank you"?
We did it, pal!
I'm gonna save your life!
You should be happy!
Yeah, but even if I eat
that Devil Fruit, I...
I might not get better, right?
You'll get better!
So open wide, Law!
Eat up and heal up!
What're you waiting for?
[LAW]
It's gross!
I don't care!
Just eat the damn thing!
You chew and swallow!
No fair! Cora!
I wasn't ready!
Now I have weird powers?
I didn't even ask
for this, you know!
[LAW]
Uh, hey... Cora?
It's fine, okay? I did my part.
And now you can
go cure yourself.
We just outsmarted Doflamingo.
I'd call this a victory.
Don't lay in the snow.
You'll get sick!
Are you worn out,
or what? [gasps]
Lemme turn you over.
[LAW gasps]
[LAW screams]
[LAW]
You're covered in blood!
What happened?
Did someone shoot you?
[ROSINANTE]
Yeah, I got clumsy.
[LAW] Damn it! Why didn't you
say something sooner?
[LAW]
Wait a sec!
Get better! Come on!
Get better!
Stop bleeding! Stop bleeding!
[chuckles] Don't be silly!
Like I said, you need knowledge
to make the Op-Op powers work.
Help me! Tell me what to do!
You got shot 'cause of me!
I have to fix this!
I just got clumsy, like I said.
Same as always, right? Heheh.
Law. Don't worry about me.
I won't die from something
like this. [coughs]
[LAW]
Cora!
[ROSINANTE] But we still
need to staunch the bleeding,
or I'll be in bad shape.
Listen carefully, okay?
We got the Op-Op Fruit,
just like I said we would,
but it's gonna
take more than that
to stop Doffy in his tracks.
This isn't over just yet.
I know you're in bad shape,
but I need to ask a favor.
[ROSINANTE]
There's a Navy lookout ship
on the west coast
of this island.
[ROSINANTE] Take this
and hand this over to them.
It's not a trick.
If a Marine sees this,
they would know exactly
what to do with it.
This one little package
will save a country.
A faraway kingdom
called Dressrosa.
I don't get it.
Besides, I told you before
how much I hate the Navy.
[ROSINANTE] Your father
was a great doctor, right?
[gasps]
But you have a power
even greater than that now
to heal more than
sickness, okay?
Trust me. It'll all work out.
As soon as you deliver this,
we'll get off this island.
And then we can travel the world
together, just you and I.
[gasps]
[LAW]
Marines.
Okay, he's alone.
[LAW]
Hey, take this.
[VERGO]
Hm. A secret message?
I don't know who gave this
to you, but I'm grateful.
I'll take good care of this.
So don't you worry.
But you sound kind of
sick, kid. Are you okay?
I can trust you, can't I?
Uh-huh. Like I said,
I'll make sure that letter
gets to the right hands.
No, listen, I need you
to help someone.
He was shot.
He's in really bad shape!
Please! You have to save him!
I don't know what I
would do if he died!
[LAW]
He got hurt because of me!
[LAW crying]
[gasps] Cora, hey!
I found someone to
give you first aid! Cora!
Hang in there!
Vergo!
Corazon? What are you
doing out here?
Hm? Did you just talk?
[ROSINANTE]
Aw crap!
So that was his
secret mission, huh?
[LAW gasps]
You know each other?
Wait, did you call him Vergo?
[LAW]
Who's Vergo?
[ROSINANTE] An extremely
powerful individual.
Right now he's away
from the Family
on a secret operation.
But the details of that
are between him and Doffy.
That guy has nothing to do
with you, so forget about him.
Don't you dare! That's--
[ROSINANTE] He was infiltrating
the Navy all this time.
I see. What a sick joke.
There are probably
thousands of Marines here
and somehow this bastard
gets the letter?
[VERGO] I get the message
loud and clear.
Give it back!
[gasps] Cora!
Cora!
You listen to me.
He's hurt enough!
[LAW]
Damn it! Go away! You bastard!
[panting]
You work for Doflamingo, huh?
And how would you
know that? I get it.
You must be that new boy Law,
from the "White Town."
Doffy told me all about you.
About how you two
ran off. Traitors.
You need to learn
some respect, kid.
If you know my position,
then you should have the sense
to call me Mister Vergo!
[groans]
Law!
You really spilled the beans
in this secret report of yours.
If the Navy got a hold
of info like this,
that would be the end
of the Family.
But we have so much
unfinished business.
[VERGO] You would betray
the Family over one child?
You're nothing but a rat!
[grunts]
[VERGO] A disgrace
as the Second Corazon!
[grunts]
You think I didn't suspect you?
I remember when you were
eight and went missing,
only to show up again
14 years later.
If it was up to me, I would've
turned you away on the spot.
But Doffy trusted you.
Because you're
his brother, after all.
You earned this fate, Rosinante.
[LAW]
No... Cora...
He's gonna die!
[groaning]
[VERGO grunting]
[cries]
Stop, Vergo! That's enough!
[gasps]
[VERGO grunts]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Whoa, hold on.
You didn't kill them, did you?
[VERGO]
They're still breathing. Barely.
[DOFLAMINGO] All right,
so what did you find out?
[VERGO]
Corazon was a spy for the Navy.
He's been working with them on
a plot to take out the Family.
[BARRELS PIRATES yell]
[VERGO]
Careful. They're probably onto
our Devil Fruit plan.
Where are you right now?
[DOFLAMINGO] I was watching
the rendezvous spot
on Swallow Island earlier,
but I noticed two warships
approach from a distance.
After that, I couldn't hide
from the truth anymore.
My sweet little brother was
baring his fangs at me.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Although that's unfortunate,
it did remind me of
something important.
You guys are my real family.
I suppose I had to face
reality sooner or later.
At any rate, we're at
Minion Island right now.
Close to you, I'd think.
Pity we didn't arrive
here a bit sooner.
The first thing we saw
when we got here
was a bunch of Barrels
Pirates screaming about
the Devil Fruit being stolen.
Corazon's work, I'm sure.
In other words,
don't let him go anywhere!
He has the Op-Op Fruit!
Okay. I'll make sure-- Damn it!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Oh, ran away already?
[VERGO groans]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Well, no worries.
[DOFLAMINGO] I'm sure they're
still on the island, after all.
We'll hunt them
down soon enough.
Hey, uh. Y'seein this?
That's not snow!
Huh?
What now? That's creepy!
[BARRELS PIRATES gasp]
[BARRELS PIRATE G]
This can't be good!
[BARRELS PIRATE H] Those things
are sharp as a knife!
[BARRELS PIRATE I]
And rock solid, too!
[BARRELS PIRATE H] Damn it!
Someone trapped us in here!
Where am I? What happened?
Where's Vergo?
What are those?
[ROSINANTE] One of Doffy's
abilities, I would imagine.
I've never seen it myself,
but one thing is
perfectly clear.
There's nowhere to run.
I'm so sorry!
Somebody stop me!
[BARRELS PIRATES yelling]
[ROSINANTE] He's using the
Parasite String, of course.
We're locked in cage.
This is a living hell.
[BARRELS PIRATES screaming]
[LAW]
Cora, what's going on out there?
[ROSINANTE] I don't think
I can save myself,
but maybe I can still save him.
[ROSINANTE]
This may be the end of the road,
but I hope you'll
remember me when I'm gone.
[ROSINANTE] I promise I'll
go out with a smile.
[ROSINANTE]
Maybe it's not worth much,
but if you do think back
on me someday...
[ROSINANTE] ...I'd rather
you remember me smiling.
[ROSINANTE]
We gotta get moving, buddy.
[gasps, screams]
Let's go!
[NARRATOR] Backed into a corner
by the Don Quixote Family,
Corazon faces his brother.
Making one final gamble,
with his life on the line,
a single bullet decides
Corazon's fate.
And in a sudden instant,
Law begins on the
path towards freedom.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Advance, Law!
The Kindhearted
Man's Final Fight!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!